Good afternoon everyone. Thank you very much for coming a very warm welcome to everyone this afternoon. Since we started. I am sorry this confusion about time it starts is well but turn. Premature vivian dsena. I am pleasure to welcome you to the inaugural lunch. Sunny has my in marathi language is university of cambridge graduate teaching english as a second language from university of leeds. Msc and phd in applied linguistics from here the university of edinburgh. And he was appointed to a person or terrorist in learning english for academic purposes. In august 2011. Chinese birthday university in the english language teaching centre since 1980. Spinner cheats teaching salary of a senior lecturer and professor. He is now head of the english track atomic purposes section. Anil this role is responsible for the university's ever-expanding programmer foundation 3 session and in session courses for international students. This is an extremely important for university especially as a. International university. S5 custom the communication between native and non-native speakers of english in academic settings. Niti taylor teaching materials based on main site is going from mr search. Species 3 books for language teachers from nasa research 1 code listening 1 code study speaking. Another study listening real genuine impact on the teaching of english for academic purposes. Answer may vary by physics in fixing on international steel informal listening strategies which are available here that was about to die. Spelling mistake benefits of restarting. Classroom communication task. Forms of feedback in improving status in english really important topics for us as we work to develop students experience effects learning and teaching. Chinese. I kindly agreed to answer some questions and his life and then will welcome to reception will be held in just outside on the floor i am working now to professor lecture on the importance of listening to international city. Before my flight to. Acknowledge the professionals that the trial to to staff within university in particular reference lazy teaching staff. On the ms in finding mistakes. Hindi old fighting mystics where i did my. Msc 1977 and speculate to re. Many colours that. Medical education. Institute of advanced studies where i worked for over 30 years. Sir. Is listening comprehension in the university in checked and specifically. English mansoori experience international table. Native speakers of english translate micro. Can be read in two ways why this name is important. Des moines. Aashiq is important to listen to what they have to say. About the experience in october. Intellectual ability at the processes of ismein. How we know reserve. Listening comprehension problems. Wireless ne message fresh national steel save the latest attend cinema. And ways of making lectures more accessible to them. Traffic in ways resources information that we use when my trying to understand what sunday is same to us. So we have three levels of knowledge that we have limited knowledge in amazon we have context. We have. Angrej. Knowledge is your knowledge of the topic 16 to them the content of the first is cannabis and about the process of communication. Students on ice to involve the situation so he was told him where and when and the kill text so the other bits of language the pre-season full if we are currently listening to and also the visual information that we can use in the physical contact and then the bottom. In this time we have playing with a knowledge of a temporary. After an hour hand of an association. Listing for foreign language is probably at the box of lego. Where is having decision she's not having the words the speaker is using. Clearing strikers as a problem through the same thing applies to a scene of those language twins twins on the days using a variety of foreign language well as familiar ways we can have difficulty understanding what the said movement. Example we cancel my msc course in 1977 i went into the transfer of bank in perfect square this is in the days i think before we had was in the world service check to cash put it in the trough and the bank teller said. How will i give you some money. Naveen physician problem train between us mein wizard was blocked i want i was thinking what to say. Seasoned said we want to 25 10 so i know that this was the first time that i was aware that some stockfish speak visiting this use wale. Where i will use shall. To make an offer to offer a choice. Student vibration of the contacts it's enough access contacts which place. Nahin. Ro. And it's your questions and i was announced recently. And any form text to begin with. Serve food to the question mark and this. Your problem human beings to your problem find the way to contact me that makes sense. Nagin 4. Vikram sexy january. Shiksha ka arth. Activa sensor camera and system service check into my goods to us. Question. What is ganesan. Mustard face to mean something like what you again so i thought i'd done something wrong but that didn't seem to fit in with this i am sending out more context. Rahi systems. Was indian. Father name of his life. And sir. I said. Essentially the same thing this time here it is the adjective british. What is british times are. This point i'm no schematic knowledge to back british colonial history. Kicked in the train game. In the world youtube and said i'm sorry i don't understand. This time. He raised his eyebrows justice assistance to v my shopping and said what is british cancer. November 21. Boat was a castle mix. Live british time i will answer question and 4. Main information about it was teachers puttarisi. Recharge offer. The process took about two recent example of roots that we take. When trying to make sense of loss of the day has forest. We really give directly from our knowledge to comprehension. We use income tax language and effect regulatory shuffle that was imposed centre speak between the different sources and we try to to make sense. Winner of the rings with tight and less is some sort of obstacles such as it being in a foreign language. Make sentences of the decision is the way my. Attitude images room to stay it we have to do this. In parallel out and quickly. Speech of foreign language is send it safe to take leave the lover. Levels of competence in the language to rely on language on the bottom level. Example of rom. My learning of spanish. Farms in spain in a studious etv program and use program news reader. Find him there was the first graph of young women. And. Team announced as refer to her. Lag ja chora dekh lena. Now. My language tell me is it lunch service to serve. Adorer means someone who. Kabali. And inner is raman effect in the north west spin serve. What i picture was this woman was in her way around young female wild pig. 15 points behind the news reader. Process in plastics stadium and it was then that i activate that other lena. Voice. No assigned expected i had i do remember nothing to do with my processor later. When the weather is my ba back. Sports which is the best the best in spine for having. Jains in govind singh strengths in insurance. Usi. Open fun. So far choked other things happen inside my head commitment to understand. Normally. Information we resolve these problems true. What is the negotiation meaning of sometimes referred to as conversational repair. What you fine is the. Speeches project leave nz speaking to non-native listeners. Make three main sources of adjustment. Interaction and 2 information. Alphabet pictures. Input. Speaker stickley advanced the grammar. 5 mai singh princess with his spoken sentences socha and less complex less complex in the grammatical sentence. And increased use of the present tense specifically when telling. Anecdotes that happened to same speakers to limited listeners in the language interpreter was in the present tense past tense. Pritams 22 february. We tend to use more common february 12 atms that we sent may not be obvious. Used cb now process to refer to. A personal he or she. And it comes to from station. Speaker stand to articulate mokla more clearly and most lovely. Use address. Amount of. Stress relief of words. Which have used innova and you sell to use a wider range of pitch. And phone number judgements we cant use longer poses. Give the christmas time to process what i tested. Which is more justice and. We increase our use of facial. Expressions. At this point i have to tell you a story story concerns. What you say. Last two pictures in a six picture send. Shirdi bus at the scene is a tropical country and an old man who makes. Somewhere else from a stroke. Which state tree. Waiting to sell his hand to. Sultan. Deposit slip. Abhinetri to the monkeys who want to sleep in down. One which has been part of the train and start the hats on the heads. Up your mind so it has its own enough in the three monkeys. Where is i'm. Angry shook his fist at them. Hanuman face to face. It was practiced his work for the monkey's crash. Which point between the two pictures given as what he should do. He dropped his hat. And the monkeys. Khokhle. Instruction west. Nava is my food store is because i am going to focus on the missing term for for different reasons to illustrate the source of adjustments that. I am talking about. In the case of the left hand picture. Between the left and right and picture ok this site comes from amazon services in the ways in which they would or would they said to. Theories of individual separate listeners. What you see here is one native speaker said to his or her native listener to heat pressed. The realisation as the penny dropped. Did you. Sirsi advance listener. Speaking and non native speaker learn english. Use a different paytm. 10 sal ki police slightly more officer do not him. Intermediate listener. Eaton isliye timico he said he realised and 3 element listener. He said then. Kishore. Realised in the long post it was easy example of the ways in which the same night speak for different levels of listening. Using the same pressure in each case the listener had the same. Pictures as the speaker and the listener staff to order the pictures 7 chandigarh. Siddheshwar adjustment self. Info assessments of language the choice of words. More important according to search is the judgements of interaction. The first type of things m is a confirmation check when the listener and speaker 7 the listener make sure there was just what the speaker means. I say something so you mean he lost his money. Kissing sister. Is one speaker ment. Competition set. Is when the first few speaking makes sure that the listener has understood. And we made it clear by saying the following the one stand is that clear coronavirus be ok. Expecting your the first to confirm that. Official request is weather of this now ask the speaker to explain to rephrase so when you said. Optical it you mean something like problems. Amrit shishu. Fancy handwriting styles and was over the other person's words. Innocent. Tables of 30. What mean understood. Preformulation the speaker retraces the content of what they have set. The awful language features of and it uses more than repetition. Non features. Poking to non-native listeners and durable isagro. Linguistic system to phone life. Completion listener completes the speaker's utterance. Intended to be helpful for people and show winners in this to ask in oral language in mx player wrong speaker problem. Respecting circle back to the point where she looked like she was understanding with price in patna. When the adjustments of information choice this is something society. More specifically interested in. Ok i'm interested in that i found in my phd research speaking is used. Mor design. More explicit vertical links. And filled in steel brackets. Listening section control knowledge. Monkeys right and picture this time. Describing of the head. This is definitely speak faydemand you so. Just now. To the next major plasma. Speaker say this is not the counselling. He takes off his hat. And scratches his head. Advanced learner physics office. In confusion. Sahi kuchh sahi confusion is just matter sinus. Again when it comes to the. Teach me to listen to do it it is said he scratched his head which means i don't know. What to do. I'm fine. Swimming plasma. What is crashing. In the kites and the gains of the elementary. Women's proposal worried about have to get his head to the monkeys. Any size office hat. Inspire she said as people often do when i feel. Speak his own server at that i just the listener by the information they choose to highlight. Church of the three sources adjustment. Asif cyber cell in combination circuit. Andheri station to ashok x b of a conversation between. Tree of my. Kids. Isabel is from spain youtube is japanese. Khalid. Is from malaysia. And its point in the composition where is a bell. Quiz from civil. Is talking about syria. So. My friends here we have used it to meet the changing the oranges and the. You can dances masti vol 1. Orange tree. Why is the first is indicate the length of the force. Swift vin pieces. Vowel. It's what she said it seems to be a comprehension check if you know what i mean by wild. Isase. Which i was categorised as a minimal request and want. Preposition. New pre history the oranges from. Free. Competition street. Why you want to use the torrent for. New coronavirus exercise tomorrowland. 40 is what. Anushka sharma. Shiv she is pretty see in the world. And is there any formulating read using a different expression for each other. Queens of being one of our sweden instead have noticed and calluses true i miss you doing that he is recognise the tables of 12 october 6 is accessing the word through2. You can laugh. My friend sister dinner required. Vevan indrasan. Sab restore se sunao di. And you. True. How is it is it is no way to celebrate something what. Confirmation chart. And then re. Can you show that conversation straight have tree. International students effective please don't have that communication. Problems as they arise in. Interaction. Search for listening comprehension can be. Complex we can sale in various ways is business we can not hear. We can't miss here we can. Misunderstand and we cannot understand. And resources we use in one way listening as a chance to reply. Amazon s3 types of knowledge which we applied as same jewel. Pratham 22 wale ismein to know more composition. Vishnu speak is generally. Corporate make sense of each other. Can i give range of interactive german. Innova sister of communicating in office language with more available. When will listening to a foreign language is having more i am going wrong in the foreign language. Question is. Why does listening matter for international students in ict message. Because. Level of listening skill can i say. Vocals of. Access 22. Main types of experience. Access to knowledge in program. And there is free access to informal language learning potentially in the university. Community around. Sangeet location knowledge first. Can we measure the listening skills of. International steel. True. Protein test in circulation. An innovation officer at 4 sections with every listening reading and. Wi-fi. Music iit study of themes validity. 35 is protective message how it. Projects. Stugil. Eventual academic success in this case a later. V s 350 silver on one year masters programs. Not too had their team stores and other. In distance course ways. Outcome. What was the role relationship. Between the team test at is at home. Anti academic.com. Worlds. Broccoli no 43. In a roughly 10% variation repairing institute performance again later. Ap district 1 explained mira english cbse. And if you nice. Aapka how would book fair. Main to international test of english and toefl there is studies. How to find correlation is very similar to that of the 3 test. Aam ka. No 135. Weaving the theme section use it was only listening. Statistically significant. The product of the 4 test point. Are bhai. Listening test. I want to display while listening and not the skill because most people ministerial staff. Are aware of. Student success or failure. True crime. Mr writing is are you sure what you understood. So i think the reasons for the connection between listening on the team test. And. The academics. Elisa. Like to be in direct if you are a student with 4 listening skills. When you write in semester 1 you don't actually gross or unit of the contents of your course. You my will try to compensate for that. By doing a lot of reading. Steam during reading is well and the other steel troops were getting better at listening. You can't actually other ways. Plot of transfer function. Secondly i know you have told me and. My experience in spanish. Padosan ki confidence. Access. And 1 general finding an adult language learners is. Ms peak of things the of the weakest in the class. Except for the one in his best to give it and not she is the oldest name is a barrier. Stalks you. Getting a smart search compared with other students through english as would otherwise be detected resources. Isolation. The last point is really important because. Open to international students in a place like edinburgh in english medium setting. Range of opportunities to improve english outside. Jay shri ram. But for many still remains potential that actually make use of what the teachers are biting ram. See me the first people to stay as british steel tube road with 34 other and culture. Many international students in very service that report is finding it difficult to establish relationships friendships. Who is. Ms teams. And this is counted. Tension between the role of student. Tute hue ko sahi university. And picking a language learner. And more. At this point i need to mention that the source of the device. Second language researchers and therefore teachers. Send gift to language learners. Is derived from school good language learner studies. Instances. Among the the main. Research in this area was evelyn is a quotation. She says. When should practice sign active and passive sentences the result of the span text without to use arm. What are the skills i can. St xavier. If the learner gets to recycle the same of excess times with the same or different. Bt speakers. Tv apps. Decrease ab of it again. Syntax. Issue because no together. Any contracts. Speak. Sudesh bhosle. Leading firing waste night speaker file image industries. Comment we should be. Voice in steam today. Aise hi. Academic food pizza order. And people affected the problem with this. Hisar. Usa time. On the reduced personality of the second language learner. Amisha ki said one gets the picture with that you have the financial showroom. When money match is the situation feeling b the previous reference clocking out instructions by side on sticking glue confusion it is said that it is that after this weekend so charming person. Is it correct to say where of. I have ashok simplified form 16. Anand rao circle to see my package problems in understanding what is the. Dish tv. He was started in which was assigned to another in a language classes in the summer very good. World very. Nisha jaiswal. Salman khan reema. Kudi comes the search to site of things i cannot. Everything thing that is close to learning. Stuti. Play the role in the group. Unnecessarily to the group who is there because they want to improve their. Songs in festival find more about the ways in which international students manage. What is listening. In informal settings. South africa. Without. Iphone which is informal listening and speaking answers. First graduate what type of speaking practice they engaged in outside. Remind me to. Most advanced i would have for incoming steel. Kahan science responses. I am as you see. Half. Steel dinner set the rate. My flesh progress in missing the respected. Missa more. Only about 10%. Occupation. Report is the atmosphere more progress sunday. Rightwood. I want to estimate the time 6.8 time. Listening talking talking meaning. Reasoning and. And juicy is the. Difference between there was in the a group to reported less progress and the other two with real difference in the alpha figures. And see if you read figure. Uses is a big difference. Hindi mein time with the si group reported to. Where are you bro. Find pan. Listening talking. Is se mila indian se. Something about if it is in cooking. Which is a sensation base. Choose my id. Moon. Strom. Steven smith interviews as father of history. Cuban tasty tasty omelette you read it will be created after the american. Htc sense the correct one is a complaint from international students to b facility. Of the british nation is the predetermined region erection of a few products on the day. In normal conversation. Search in the faster it's actually marked you listening know what people are saying with the weather today. Fish is equal from a chinese student. She is equally convinced this is why the should give to the students were coming in. I am i listen to fm which is it is much greater than the other ways. When is basic scientist which made in malayalam. How to improve listening outside. Sweet patience with you study seat measure. We need to persuade steel. Informal conversation is a valid. Footwear of improving your english is not just talking. Vineet interested to listen for potential learning points in the conversation we are having. Ways in english with other students visa forget getaways of buffalo. Pop off valve. Clock. Chinese tutor. Tell me in speaking class 13 a great difficulty talking to her german fortnite. Because of december book was reading. Sir i didn't said a bottle of what is signal not its. Some small and i went to my last second you spell it she said yes baby you say. Lastly. Listening to students attitude. Anju. Internationalisation. It is with the future success of the sun is 22 10 din thought. On. River is in which university is into account the days still have to say anything the basic issue. University fees is this time student. I am in speaker student language problem might be a problem just for me but university is likely to increase. P*** hd videos 1080p. Find the sinha fikra course. Maybe she was their first problems when sitting ahead. University in which state. Think about. Usa on international students perceptions of lectures. Is for. At least the date. India. And it was collected from students who had taken the team then i got. Sex replies. United force i get so much for question in a first part i listed 12. Pieces of advice commonly given to lecturers to teach international steel. Buy at eraser moral. Spine. Satish das first 5. Desh ka sach. Duration study was to return of the state some is asking as experts investment. Rather be for with a growing expertise in listening to second language lectures. 12 items list. And to indicate which tree. Semester 4 student anthem of the 123. Animal s s question. Actresses any of the revised you would give your lecturers which is added in the. Which was the first phone. Items were ranked in first place and yours is a fact not surprisingly control your speed of speaking with children by. Money as the next most frequently. Please advise. Theoretical steels comments. And again this is the student to face to be in a group that is launched a british. This is my visit each is on the way. Office space. Another point to view from somebody else is just everything slowing down a b b b. Which the good. The science of the main information is. And this point the beginning of the semester that is semester 1. Big good if lectures control the speed of speaking. Just the light should be conscious the technique of just the start of the year that they may not be able to easily. Picture distance accumulated filters for items the world rank 123. Can you say is that speed images as the first. Amway. Sms machine. Awesome. Second rank item is lookout to science of. New preset. Sciencetific status lecturers will know what is signed certificate and there was something a message. I next exam for that. In a big i can't actually. Pronounce disquieting ctc 1st turning to look. Steel is a suggested looking at. Is not understood. There is a wide range of scientifically. Tune that. Bhai vah. 20 20. And vice versa selecting and adapting examples. Few comments share from different seasons. Girls wearing sultanpur difference. Asking access to. Make sure you typed the examples used to using from usb 4.1. True. International. Urikind syrup. Pretty relaxed atmosphere. I am too. Opposite views humorous. 91 47 dun tourist hotel nearest to british and european. Remind me when email i was sent. Chinese. Ramayan 25 words and willing to send it to you for everyone. Preminchu material in 250 minutes. Something on supplementary materials. Is based on the use of language which tend to be with the letter is word using. Language used to phone. Beautiful it been to inform you for student. Interview and then something on the assumptions of shared knowledge and convention. Patient injection at knowledge industrial ro still at the same background on the subject matter. Lecturers should introduce the background to sone both a new concept when will probably more quickly nationalism in memory services be different from. How to do something. How to live a tree examples explain about lecturers to students within. Area. So my confusion please the princess the time take me to pick up from the useful data clearly speaks lava. Should i ask for signs of listening distress. Ensure that examples are acceptable. And create opportunities for indians. Questions. Now. You might think girls are relatively uncontroversial. If you're seeing the lecturers are open. Severely reduced speed speaking at home servant harish dunes 2. Raw chief. S. Of. The storage system have to be prepared to have a less. In re. 150 lecture with some recent research in sweden. 18 + statistical fluid is the implication of really taking its national steel. Enjoy it is the less information can be delivered. In lakshya phone. So one way to do that would be to follow the recommendations by sector for the state which is to put more material. To make more material available online which day. Stock photo. After the lecture. Would be to. Information to ask for clarification by using what i wrote question poses pay subah force is it 23 minutes as a couple of points in the lecture. Where. Announces request to impose the lecturer marks effect. Questions on chest allowed on server. Expected. Informing the students to the simple adjustments i think we mai. Hello. Composition meaning. Coming supply into the lecture theatre. As. Way to in conversation. I want last quotation. It was then i would because i waited at 28. My feeling is if we didn't microsoft of institution adjustments that i've mentioned there is a risk that international students. How to remain as audience members process and participants. I am really facing. Is vineet find ways of making alex's more like academy conversations. Limitlessness have speakers. Special understood. March. Of clear. For having improved the way i am minister teacher lost you. Apne rashi se it contains natural status with you have some time to questions and i got some driving marks. 50 ki yahan microfine before you answer question. After that i teach on the msc in economics and we have a problem as an international students their students from. Fever whatsapp dp per fanaa country. Last insert id sahi create an event with just improve is much less people who come for android bhutan. No no speak bhutanese you max new gane new one better. Roman reigns has most questions on have. M aur stop here and i saw it since the beginning was super 30 in my english is a good right now and later in the trap. Instructions bataen. It's very difficult. Speak now because. As far as i can see. Name international. Steel troop. Now on chinese. Nothing more. Dominant numerics reason the japanese. Arabic speakers was. I am also aware that. Jaisalmer stronger institute mein. Stronger info more network. Among chinese students. Now here. Social link which time is to use to have been a year before. Nothing for. Chinese pictures. It is very easy for them. Sleep into the habit of. Going to dehradun. Language speakers. Oppo help. I think it is trying to write into the same. Stiver foreign language is not change the subject. Innova country. This be a good reason if you like i think why doesn't. Mix. Over time with their nationality. One reason could be. Join street society. Which is in whatever the thing is the famous interested in. Interested to join a society. Cycle so that society because. Reason for forgetting that. Figure. Jaipur visit. Ostensibly of improving the rangers. I am and i think this. It is a question of numbers. Launch number 104. Dosa. Asia from my phone to view. India se. One thing we need just wait. Harish national steel reserve is. Poke. Century. Speak english. Vineet sweets and doing it is not just. Waste waste of time. Is the way in which we can improve the. The informal learning of english. Thank you very much lecture gandhi terms in politics. I am. What is this issue price vachalele stages was the evidence you had the listening. Covid-19 phone tension. Language. Learning answer. Up satta king and the circuits testing. You can click by saying we should have a less let us be more material online. Not presume you mean here not simply material to be read. Advisor good seat piece of the feature in every one of the future we would and should encourage the listeners bed. Are you suggesting that for that material should is much responsibility towards i would listen to. Listen to speak as well i would you suggest that one thing is listening. Because they were talking in the text. Read. Where it takes time. To record something which you maybe recording i will let the people to begin to. External counselling. More generally assigned to tension on the contest is a course. They would be missing. On a wide range of. Ok material on the net. Not specifically in the subject listening anything. Improve se cycle milta skills of working with language and speed. Is there listening to something that you are interested i would say we should be origin and not just focus on. Any material with sodium reading that is pratap online but it should be. Listen into the nexus like this. Prevention as well as more taken. Vishnu shivam mani. Accuweather so ke n jage image. Tv mi. Some years ago the nine and think yuva 1980. Fashion. Horse testing english in. For its specific purpose. Ielts test the precursor arrival. Example of that. A good idea and the steam operator mattreal is not why now. Navin justify theme. Is this it's not a female it it is in the communicative esther. Images related to. Udan. Pune city team list. Is something that is the most. Unrealistic. Establishing the one macha macha. Nahin nahin. Iza wants and li. Dictation. Yes its results correlate well as well as. Romantic scenes from inception. Sickness because. Fish is a test of listening. This is basically. Integrated skill test. Because it would say it was once ability. Right. To identify. Words. Ashwin general language competence the reason why the team listening section. Is justified. Reasonable picture of. It is actually within itself is a general language. Liver. Speaking test. The sun will stick in the sense that. Native speakers -100%. On the test test students ability to extract information. Instability to replicate. What's the here we do allow cement equivalence service. Word problems. Is actually in the dictation text the here. Tips to write speak and write it is not want to speak to you. We understand meaning of something with which they necessarily the physical. Sultan movie my also the team is definitely different test from. But seems. Some to tap into something. Competence. Still in urdu. Course of net commerce. Hydrogen atoms and reason for the cause of medicine i will just attach your following on from a previous question. Official dikhao to medicine has to the largest proportion of online distance learning programs. Rd university menu veg. Amazing facts related to the importance of listening speaking and interaction patterns and quite many questions on online distance learning programs don't have any day today. I'm interaction with key for furniture speakers. I am especially those around programs that are particularly focused towards international students under are. Have inspire i am cool percentage for example injuries african countries. Advice you can give to any program directors. There are in similar situations given importance of worsening interaction of the distance and speaking and academic performance and personal online environment. Quite a lot of that element is removed from the teaching situation. You're not going to seeing you asking a balance confirmation. What is voice i will keep to the distance running to directors to give to the interior. Pimples and ac. Sir i am. Do you need on listening. Intended for. Distance learning student in protective would be coming to hyderabad. Would have. Access through direction direction. Something i would say. Bhutni city vista come inside find where composite into the wild. Face to face. Communication. Since i'm still. Twitter account. It's a i mean my interest is missing. I think she was doing as a possible on such as. 7 states on of cricket practice in face-to-face wrestling i will sahi mini to maximize. Excuses that i have. Forest green. Iska lectures seminars related to the topic the doing to their degree. Krishna ring. Of. Specialist elections free available in gasing. Yes you are right. Experience i will have. The sun is distance learning courses. Students will be listening to lectures. Ok. Can i get some awesome may be watching video lectures. Websites recently. Pandit bhai. Prodigious americans. There are certain sites which despite the. Something seems to provide motor record is very good range of subjects. Ab machine. Directing alerting students to the possibilities the trap. Anytime i update. My tissue materials i find that there is a divorce. 6 months before i think that is the. Y4. The time suggested a. Festival. Washing now is the time to practice for speaking and listening skills ever wine at once more thank you very much for such an interesting lecture and welcome evil into the recess. Shiva. Which production is brought you by the university of edinburgh. 